PFS and integrity-only ciphersuites (#54)
thomas-fossati/draft-tls13-iot: draft-ietf-uta-tls13-iot-profile.md

a step further by utilizing out-of-band knowledge between the communication parties to reduce
the amount of data to be transmitted at each individual handshake, among applying other techniques.

# Forward Secrecy

> RFC8446 has removed Static RSA and Diffie-Hellman cipher suites, therefore all public-key-based key exchange mechanisms available in TLS 1.3 provide forward secrecy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RFC 8446 removed cipher suites that did not provide forward secrecy.
```

Author: I framed the section as:

1. Public-key-based ciphersuite, vs
2. PSK-based ciphersuite

and their FS properties.

I believe the suggestion drops some of the semantics.

> RFC8446 has removed Static RSA and Diffie-Hellman cipher suites, therefore all public-key-based key exchange mechanisms available in TLS 1.3 provide forward secrecy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RFC 8446 has removed Static RSA and Static Diffie-Hellman cipher suites, therefore all public-key-based key exchange mechanisms available in TLS 1.3 provide forward secrecy.
```

Pre-shared keys (PSKs) can be used with (EC)DHE key exchange to provide forward secrecy or can be used alone, at the cost of losing forward secrecy for the application data.

# Authentication and Integrity-only Cipher Suites

> For a few, very specific Industrial IoT use cases {{?RFC9150}} defines two cipher suites that provide data authenticity, but not data confidentiality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a few Industrial IoT use cases, such as railway scenarios and power system automation, {{?RFC9150}} defines two cipher suites that provide data authenticity, but not data confidentiality.
```
